Send entire payload considering `IO#syswrite` return size. (#49)
logstash-plugins/logstash-output-tcp: CHANGELOG.md

## 6.1.1

>   - Fix: client ensures to transmit payload size data [#49](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-output-tcp/pull/49)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fixes an issue where payloads larger than a connection's current TCP window could be silently truncated [#49](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-output-tcp/pull/49)
```
